README.md, before:

# Weekly Schedule

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?mode=WEEK&amp;height=600&amp;wkst=1&amp;bgcolor=%23FFFFFF&amp;src=flatironschool.com_9b2fqmamsa1v17mep95avbeflg%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;color=%23875509&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York" style="border-width:0" width="800" height="600" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

# Lecture Videos

[Class Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLc6AmvC5ZybwG_eHJgjgNRWn9Tz-CZVVX)

## Module 2
|Date|Topic|Code|Video|
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|10.09.17|Intro to Rack|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-curriculum/intro-to-rack-web-091817)|[YouTube](http://youtu.be/OcB7PuTGVI8)|
|10.10.17|MVC and Rest|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/06-sinatra-rest)|[YouTube](https://youtu.be/PGaOyuTzPVI)|
|10.11.17|Sinatra Complex Forms|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/07-sinatra-complex-forms)|[YouTube](https://youtu.be/M5GGJxqHpR8)|
|10.12.17|Sessions and Cookies|||
|10.13.17|Intro to Rails|||

Commit message:

Update lecture code and videos

README.md, after:

# Weekly Schedule

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?mode=WEEK&amp;height=600&amp;wkst=1&amp;bgcolor=%23FFFFFF&amp;src=flatironschool.com_9b2fqmamsa1v17mep95avbeflg%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;color=%23875509&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York" style="border-width:0" width="800" height="600" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

# Lecture Videos

[Class Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLc6AmvC5ZybwG_eHJgjgNRWn9Tz-CZVVX)

## Module 2
|Date|Topic|Code|Video|
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|10.09.17|Intro to Rack|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-curriculum/intro-to-rack-web-091817)|[YouTube](http://youtu.be/OcB7PuTGVI8)|
|10.10.17|MVC and Rest|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/06-sinatra-rest)|[YouTube](https://youtu.be/PGaOyuTzPVI)|
|10.11.17|Sinatra Complex Forms|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/07-sinatra-complex-forms)|[YouTube](https://youtu.be/M5GGJxqHpR8)|
|10.13.17|Intro to Rails|No code||
|10.16.17|Rails View Helpers|[GitHub](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/09-rails-view-helpers/pantry)|No video|
|10.17.17|Rails Validations|[GitHub - not much code different from above](https://github.com/learn-co-students/web-091817/tree/master/10-rails-validations/pantry)|[YouTube](https://youtu.be/nfj0KEWlrcU)|
